AA - Most of the sketches not constrained, much of rear section tbd
AB -  Added tubes for shoulder harness and support under the seat.
	The weldments and sketches for those tubes are in their own folder to make it easier to edit when
	the seat changes
AC - Reshaped front hoop and rear bulkhead and the suspension points. Removed horizontal bar in rear 
AD - Remade to be more easily editable
AE - Redid rear section for half shaft clearance. Redid RBH. Fixed most of the weird trim/extend
AF - Changed front suspension plane so it's 9 inches from front hoop
AG - Fixed some weird trim/extend issues
AH - Redimensioned FSP, FBH, and FRH to match FE9 for steering rack
AI - Remade the entire model with the correct axes templates
AJ - Actually has correct axes now. Also changed front roll hoop shape slightly.
AJ_1 - Fixed one trim/extend issue
AK - The tubes along the X direction on the bottom of the frame are now two long bent pieces
AL - Changed geometry to meet rule F.6.4.4. Decreased front roll hoop height for visibility, increased width of
	front roll hoop and front bulkhead for legs and pedal fit. Changed tube sizes to decrease weight.
AM - changed height of shoulder harness bar, changed thickness of shoulder harness bar
AN - changed max height of front roll hoop slightly (0.25" shorter) to meet rule F.6.3.4,
	changed forward FHB thickness to meet rules
	changed rear FHB thickness to be thinner
AO - Changed rear section to fit 17.9 wide x 20.4 wide accumulator. Wheelbase is now 1597mm (min is 1525mm) -> fix for next revision
BA - redid whole chassis for fitting accumulator
BB - suspension hard points in place
CA - redid rear again for long accumulator
CB - added a tube that i forgot in CA
CC - new hard points, everything fits now??? except maybe controls
CD - half shaft clearance, inserting accumulator clearance
CE - made a lot of tubes bent, redid rear suspension area, added square tubes
CH - bent shoulder harness bar, changed front roll hoop and main roll hoop heights to fit percy
CI - square front roll hoop
CK - fix for triangulation issues
DA - big rear change
DB - new rear suspension points, other small changes
EA - change rear again, move shoulder harness bar
EB - remove some tubes, change shoulder harness bar shape, change some square tubes to round